9/11 has a special place in my heart because I had just joined the Navy,
well I was in school when it happened. That was, maybe the first
year that I was in, I hadn't seen a ship yet. I didn't know what the
military life outside of school was like, but I remember walking down
my steps to my roommate, when he saw, when we both saw together,
the first, actually I saw the second plane hit, the first one had already
been hit and my roommate called and he was like, "Hey, look at
this!" After it got started, I remember that there was a little bit
of fear that I had, you know, I didn't know how big this thing was
going to be. I definitely didn't know that there was a war that was
about to be started but I did realize that, that's when it finally hit
me. Before, I thought, the military is a place that you go, you learn
some kind of job, you have a nine to five job and you probably
clean some things, you work out a little bit but after 9/11 happened,
then I realized, "You know what?", there's a job that needs to be
done and I'm probably going to be the one that's going to need to do
this. So, I went into protection mode at that time. That's what it
meant to me, 9/11.